I see your marriage.
Xuan, you are making fun of me
Sarcasm is when you speak bitterly and laugh.
Isn't what I said the truth?
Miss Ning
Why don't we open the skylight and say something bright?
Here it is.
You're right actually.
I'm not married to the experiment yet.
But sooner or later I will become the mistress of the country
Are you going to buy me away with money?
You don't make a lot of money as a doctor, do you?
As long as you sign this agreement
I have 5 million here
I'll automatically leave the doctor's eye for you.
Ten million won't do anything less
How about ten million
Isn't my role worth 10 million?
If you care about money
I will continue to stay by his side
Although your face looks better than mine
But maybe
He is the only one who likes me like this
Okay, 10 million is 10 million.
But as long as you sign this contract
Never see the doctor's eye again
It's a deal!